Key:
*-Idea
&-Added
$-Done

--------------------------------------------------------------
Add ability to shoot enemies. (Still be able to stomp them)

Add health system

Lives &; Needs integrated into a UI*

Add enemy types:
  Speed &
  Tank &
  Shooters
  Jumpers
  Crazy Man (switched directions without collisions randomly); Have timer after colision to prevent them getting stuck against a wall*
  .
  .
  .

Add upgrade system (coins collected are used to purchase upgrades)
  Possible upgrades:
    higher max Health
    faster Speed
    higher jump
    bullets do more damage
    can hold more bullets
    Dash - allowing the player to ram enemies.

Collectibles:
  Coins
  Bullets/Projectiles
  Health
  Armor?

Menus:
  Main
  Upgrade Screen
  Game Over

Game Modes:
  When to upgrade:
    After each level
    After you have lost all lives, in other words go as far as you can and then come back upgrade and see if you can do better.
  Hardcore
    One life?
    Fewer collectibles?

---Potential Backstory---

The year is 2142 AD. Earth has been the undisputed master of the solar system for over 80 years. Humanity has populated each of
the other planets and entire generations have lived their lives off of Earth. But, from the very beginning, the lives of the 
Outworlders, those born outside of Earth, have always been shorter due to a little understood degenerating disease known simply 
as ‘space sickness’. For decades, the scientists at MTSA have been attempting to find a cure and only one year ago it seemed like
they had finally succeeded. The cure was distributed to all the different colonies immediately. At first, it seemed to have worked.
The known cases of space sickness decreased substantially. But after a few months, strange behavior was noticed in some of the 
people who had received the cure. People would become extremely agitated and violent. Eventually, their physical forms started 
deteriorating and their bodies became more and more grotesque. They would become so unrecognizable that they stopped being referred
to as humans but as Monsters instead. These Monsters wreaked havoc across the colonies and threatened to totally destroy humanity 
itself. In the beginning of the year, Earth lost all contact with the colonies. Forced to act, the MTSA’s armed force has decided 
to go to each planet, defeat the Monsters, and save the remaining Outworlders. The Player is in one of these ships that reach X Planet.
As the ship prepares to land, an unknown malfunction causes it to crash, killing everyone on board except the Player. Reinforcements 
will not arrive for weeks, months even. The Player is trapped on an unfamiliar planet but determined to fight off the menace and save 
humanity. 
  
